feat: disambiguation in mgt (#21655)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/customize-components/disambiguation.md

## Usage in standard HTML and JavaScript

To make use of the disambiguation feature when using standard HTML and JavaScript you should call `customElementHelper.withDisambiguation()` prior to loading the `@microsoft/mgt-components` module.

```html
<script type="module">
  import { Providers, customElementHelper } from '@microsoft/mgt-element';
  import { Msal2Provider } from '@microsoft/mgt-msal2-provider';
  // configure disambiguation
  customElementHelper.withDisambiguation('contoso');

  // initialize the auth provider globally
  Providers.globalProvider = new Msal2Provider({clientId: 'clientId'});

  // import the components using dynamic import to avoid hoisting
  import('@microsoft/mgt-components');
</script>

<mgt-contoso-login></mgt-contoso-login>
<mgt-contoso-person person-query="Bill Gates" person-card="hover"></mgt-contoso-person>
<mgt-contoso-agenda group-by-day></mgt-contoso-agenda>
```

> > Note: the `import` of `mgt-components` must use a [dynamic import](#dynamic-imports-aka-lazy-loading) to ensure that the disambiguation is applied before the components are imported.

Author: ```suggestion
> [!Important]
> The `import` of `mgt-components` must use a [dynamic import](#dynamic-imports-aka-lazy-loading) to ensure that the disambiguation is applied before the components are imported. If a static import is used it is [hoisted](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Hoisting) and the import will occur before disambiguation can be applied.
```

To mitigate this challenge we built the [`mgt-spfx`](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit/tree/main/packages/mgt-spfx) package. Using `mgt-spfx` developers can centralize the registration of MGT web components across all SPFx solutions deployed on the tenant. By reusing MGT components from a central location web parts from different solutions can be loaded into a single page without throwing errors. When using `mgt-spfx` all MGT based web parts in a SharePoint tenant use the same version of MGT.

To allow developers to build web parts using the latest version of MGT and load them on pages along with web parts that use v2.x of MGT, we've added a new disambiguation feature to MGT. Using this feature developers can specify a unique string to add to the tag name of all MGT web components in their application. When using disambiguation the suppied value is inserted as the second segment of the tag name, so when using `customElementHelper.withDisambiguation('foo)` the `<mgt-login>` tag is referenced using `<mgt-foo-login>`.

> ## Usage in standard HTML and JavaScript

Author: Great suggestion!

> ## Usage in standard HTML and JavaScript

Author: Reversed the example usage sections

To make use of the disambiguation feature when using standard HTML and JavaScript you should call `customElementHelper.withDisambiguation()` prior to loading the `@microsoft/mgt-components` module.

```html
<script type="module">
  import { Providers, customElementHelper } from '@microsoft/mgt-element';
  import { Msal2Provider } from '@microsoft/mgt-msal2-provider';
  // configure disambiguation
  customElementHelper.withDisambiguation('contoso');

  // initialize the auth provider globally
  Providers.globalProvider = new Msal2Provider({clientId: 'clientId'});

>   // import the components using dynamic import to avoid hoisting

Author: Added to the note below the code sample

  import('@microsoft/mgt-components');
</script>

<mgt-contoso-login></mgt-contoso-login>
<mgt-contoso-person person-query="Bill Gates" person-card="hover"></mgt-contoso-person>
<mgt-contoso-agenda group-by-day></mgt-contoso-agenda>
```

> Note: the `import` of `mgt-components` must use a [dynamic import](#dynamic-imports-aka-lazy-loading) to ensure that the disambiguation is applied before the components are imported.

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion

```
